---
permalink: /
title: "About Me"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

As a student at the University of Utah with a Major in Entertainment Art & Engineer and a Minor in Animation, gaming has become indispensable to me. Through my undergraduate studies, and given that most of my chosen courses have been in Tech Art, I have become proficient in the use of most of the software used in 3D modeling. For example, I am already proficient in Maya and Zbrush. I can also create textures using Substance 3D Painter and Photoshop. Not only that, I know that there is more to games than just 3D modeling, so I have also learned about sound and cinematography during my undergraduate studies, which I think will enrich my understanding of game production. This knowledge will also enrich my understanding of game production and increase my proficiency in video and audio software. Not only that, I am also very strict about my grades, and with my unremitting efforts, I have maintained a GPA of over 3.75 so far, and I am confident that I will still maintain this GPA when I graduate.

In addition, during my four years as an undergraduate, I have participated in the production of several on-campus games, and I currently have two completed works ("[AUGMENT!](https://kaeyde.itch.io/augment)" "The Pied Piper") and one work in progress ("[Barnacles, Beers, and the Piper](https://magusconjurer.itch.io/barnacles-beers-and-brawls)"). "Barnacles, Beers, and Brawls"). In "AUGMENT!" and "Barnacles, Beers, and Brawls," I worked on 3D modeling and texture production, and I learned a lot about the process of regular game production. During the production process, I learned a lot about formal game production, which gave me a deeper understanding of the industry. As "The Pied Piper" is a 2D-pixel game, I worked as a lead artist and learned a lot about painting techniques during production. This knowledge will play a vital role in my graduate school career.

Nevertheless, I think I still have a lot to learn before I can become a real game maker. For example, although I am proficient in using some software, I still have a long way to go before I become proficient. Graduate school will provide me with the opportunity to become a better game-maker.

My desire to pursue a career in gaming goes back a long way. I was eight years old when my father gave me a PSP, and then my brother downloaded Monster Hunter 2G for me, my first video game exposure. It was at that point I was hooked. I remember games as a marriage of media and narrative, a fusion of art and technology. I aim to become a full-fledged game maker so that most gamers can play the games made by my hands. I believe that by making games, I can get an unparalleled sense of fulfillment and make players happy, which is a win-win situation, so why not? I want to engage in the game profession and my love for the game; I want to eagerly know what elements of a great game is composed of, the technical aspects but also the game makers for the whole game towards the concept and understanding; these are not only significant but also now I do not have the quality. I'm still too superficial, and being involved in the game industry gives me a deeper understanding of the various aspects of the game because I think that games can lead to more than just entertainment.

I have a strong passion for the game industry, and my ultimate goal is to join CAPCOM, my favorite game company in Japan. My desire to join CAPCOM is not only because they created Monster Hunter, which has been a great source of inspiration to me, but also because they are one of the leading game companies in the industry. Their games are highly respected and loved by gamers all around the world. However, I am still at the beginning of my career, and therefore, I am planning to continue improving my skills by pursuing master’s studies.

I consider the Master's degree program at the University of Utah to be a great stepping stone toward achieving my ambitions. It provides a comprehensive program that balances game development's artistic and technical aspects, providing me with the knowledge and skills I need to excel in this competitive field. On top of that, as an undergraduate student at the University of Utah, I know full well that the program's curriculum focuses on theory and practical application, ensuring that I will graduate with an in-depth understanding of the game development process and hands-on experience. This blend of education will allow me to enter the game industry confidently, be up-to-date on industry practices, and be prepared to innovate and inspire creative thinking.
